feat(outputs.parquet): Introduce Parquet output (#15602)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/outputs/parquet/README.md

# Parquet Output Plugin

> This plugin sends writes metrics to parquet files. By default, the parquet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin writes metrics to parquet files. By default, the parquet
```

Author: good catch!

> This plugin sends writes metrics to parquet files. By default, the parquet
> output will groups metrics by metric name and write those metrics all to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This plugin writes metrics to parquet files. By default, the parquet
output will group metrics by metric name and write those metrics all to the
```

### Write

The plugin makes use of the buffered writer. This may buffer some metrics into
memory before writing it to disk. This method is used as it can more compactly
write multiple flushes of metrics into a single Parquet row group.

Additionally, the Parquet format requires a proper footer, so close must be
called on the file to ensure it is properly formatted.

### Close

Parquet files must close properly or the file will not be readable. The parquet
format requires a footer at the end of the file and if that footer is not
present then the file cannot be read correctly.

If Telegraf were to crash while writing parquet files there is the possibility
of this occurring.

## File Rotation

If a file with the same target name exists at start, the existing file is
rotated to avoid over-writing it or conflicting schema.

File rotation is available via a time based interval that a user can optionally
set. Due to the usage of a buffered writer, a size based rotation is not
possible as the file may not actually get data at each interval.

## Explore Parquet Files

If a user wishes to explore a schema or data in a Parquet file quickly, then

> look at the

Reviewer 2: Missing link?
